[Music]
Pokemon Red and Green in Japan. In the
international versions, Pokemon Red and
Blue are basically the same game. They
have the same story, the same 151
Pokémon. They use the exact same moves.
So, beating these games, even if you
don't speak Japanese, isn't really a
challenge. However, there is one reason
why Pokémon Red and Green from Japan are
actually very interesting for the
international community. Blizzard.
Because while Blizzard is already one of
the strongest moves in the entire game,
120 base power, 90% accuracy, and a 10%
chance to freeze your opponents, in the
original Pokémon, Red and Green, that
chance was 30%. So, you had a roughly
one in three chance of freezing your
opponent and causing them to not be able
to do anything for the rest of the
battle. And since there are only two
opponents in the entire game that have
healing items that can get rid of
Freeze, Brock, and then the champion at
the very end, this move could be so
incredibly broken that even an
incredibly weak Pokémon could beat the
entire game in a solo challenge. So
that's what we're going to do today.
We're going to take a Squirtle with the
move Blizzard and we're going to try to
beat the entire game on minimum battles.
Will this be possible or will it be
incredibly difficult? There's only one
way to find out. So, starting off our
journey, of course, Professor Oak's
going to meet us outside of Pallet Town.
We have no idea what he's saying, but
we're going to go into his laboratory
and get our starting Pokémon. Just like
that, we get Squirtle, also known as
Zenigame in the Japanese. And this is
going to be our starter because it's the
only one that can learn Blizzard. So,
now we're going to simply give our
Pokémon Blizzard. And this could be
incredibly overpowered. Now, you can't
maybe read these names, but just trust
me that they're Tackle, Tail Whip, and
then Blizzard at the very bottom with 5
PP. and we are running on zero DVs with
this Pokemon. So, it's going to be the
worst possible Squirtle. So, with that,
let's get into the Rival One fight and
see how we actually do. So, of course,
against Rival One, there's only one plan
to use Blizzard. And let's see if we
one-shot this Bulbasaur. No, it just
barely survives with one HP, but we have
frozen it. And that guarantees that we
win the very first battle with no
difficulty whatsoever. And it's this 30%
chance to freeze that makes me think
that this could end up being an
incredibly easy challenge, even with a
Pokemon like Squirtle that's ranked like
130th out of 151 Pokémon in terms of
base stats. But we're going to have to
see. There will be a few challenges
coming along the way. Now, of course,
this is a solo challenge. We're not
using items in battle. All the standard
stuff. And if you watched the previous
video, you probably noticed that I did
that entire video in Japanese. The
reason for that, April Fools, of course.
but also because I've lived in Japan for
13 years as an American expat. So, I
thought it would be a funny way to play
the game. Now, we get to the end of
Vidian Forest where we've got a Weedle,
also known as Beoroo in Japanese, and
we're just going to see how strong
Blizzard is here. So, Blizzard did about
half, but then it was frozen. So, now we
can simply use tackle and completely
destroy that Pokémon. And just like
that, we are ready to move on to Brock.
Of course, his Pokemon are weak against
ice type moves. So, I think this is
going to be incredibly overpowered, but
let's see if we one-shot or
not. So, Brock attempt number one. He's
got the Geodude, also known as Shishi
Subut. And we're going to use Blizzard.
And it just went for a defense curl.
Obviously, that's not going to affect
Blizzard at all, but we only did about
half damage here. We are five levels
lower. So, we're going to have to use
Blizzard twice in order to knock this
Pokemon out. We level up after that
straight to level 9, meaning we don't
get bubble, but now let's see how we do
against Onyx or Ewoku as it was known in
Japanese. We do have two blizzards in
the bag, but we get a critical hit,
allowing us to knock it out in a single
blizzard. So, 9 minutes 49 seconds to
get through that section, including me
speaking very slowly in Japanese in the
original audio of this video. But Brock
really isn't an issue. Blizzard is
completely overpowered. So, let's move
on to Misty because she does of course
resist ice type moves. She might pose a
bigger challenge. But now, as we go
through, the most interesting thing to
me is actually to look at some of these
sprites because they are very different
than the red and blue sprites that we
got in the West. Like this Caterpie
looks way cuter than Caterpie in the
Western versions, just in my opinion.
And the Metapod is, I guess, kind of
cool. It's actually faced the right way.
Zubat is a Pokemon that looks almost
exactly the same. I mean, if you look on
the top right, I am using an overlay
that includes Pokemon black and white
sprites. And looking at the Zubat, you
can see that they're basically the same
Pokémon. But now, when we come up
against the Geodude, it looks nothing
like that sprite up there. Like, yes, I
see that it's kind of got hands, but it
doesn't even look like it's got eyes.
It's positioned like completely weirdly.
So, we're just going to run away. Now,
of course, in Mount Moon, we can get a
couple of TMs. We're going to pick up TM
number one and TM12 so that we can go
ahead and learn those moves. So, we have
added Mega Punch and Water Gun to our
move set. Now, moving on, we can see
Clefairy, which is named Pee in
Japanese. Oh my god, that is so
hilarious. Uh, so we're going to just
run away from that cuz we're not going
to catch any Pokemon except to use for
HMs. But still, the fact that PP was in
the game, I think somebody told me that
way back in the day, but uh, I didn't
believe them. Turns out that that's the
actual name. Anyway, we are now going to
fight the required rocket where Blizzard
is going to make very quick work of his
Pokémon. I don't think they can really
do anything against us. So, let's make
our way to the Super Nerd. And in
Japanese, this guy is basically called
science guy.
Vikco. So yeah, like guy who's into
science. And of course, he sends out his
uh beta beta, which is Grimer. And we're
simply going to use Blizzard. It takes a
couple hits to knock that Pokemon out.
Now Blizzard has actually been disabled,
so we can't use it here on the Voltorb.
We're just going to have to go for, I
guess, Mega Punch to try to knock it
out. Mega Punch does more than half. Of
course, it has a chance to miss, but two
Mega Punches gets the job done. Finally,
we've got Dogas, the coughing, but we
freeze it, meaning that we're simply
going to win this fight no matter what
we do from here. So, we'll just use
water gun to finish it off. And just
like that, we easily get through this
section. We are going to pick up the
dome fossil because we all know that
Lord Dome is the correct fossil. And
now, we'll simply make our way out of
Mount Moon. Now, of course, Misti could
be a little bit hard. So, instead of
going and fighting her immediately, I'm
going to go up north and fight against
our rival. He leads off with a
Pidgeotto, and that should be a good
matchup for our Blizzard. So, of course,
we're just going to try Blizzard and see
if we get the one shot. We do not. And
it manages to hit us with a Gust. It
takes two more hits to knock it out
after that. Fortunately, Abber comes out
next, and this Pokemon can do nothing.
So, we can just spam Mega Punch in order
to try to knock it out. Now, I honestly
think this Abber sprite looks more like
an alien than the Western sprites, but
tell me in the comments if you agree.
Now, we can simply easily knock out the
Ratata, and we've made it back to
Bulbasaur where we're simply going to
use Blizzard. We do not get the one
hitter, and we don't get the freeze, but
a single tackle after that knocks it
out. So, that was an incredibly easy
fight. We still have no resets in this
entire section. We've learned some TMs,
but that's basically it. Blizzard is
proving to be pretty darn good at this
point, though. So, we're just going to
make our way up north because nothing
here should be too terribly difficult.
But then I come up against this Tekkens,
and that sprite is absolutely hilarious.
Like, its mouth is just open wide, but
it it just looks silly. Like, it looks
like a bell sprout stuck on top of a
snake. So, uh, I just knock it out with
a single Blizzard and we move on in the
challenge. Also, I wanted to check the
price of a bicycle in the Japanese
versions just to see. And it turns out
that they're 1 million yen. So, Poked
dollars do equal yen. And yen are about
$150 yen to the US dollar. So, that's
effectively like 6 or $7,000 to buy a
bicycle, which is utterly ridiculous.
Now, I have caught myself a Bellsprout,
and I have also gotten a Spirro to use
as HM Pokemon. Of course, they will
never be used in battle since this is a
solo challenge. And now, as we move on,
we get to learn Bite, which is just
another good move. It's called Kamitsuku
in Japanese. It's basically enough to
one-shot these weak Pokémon by the end.
And we have made it to Billy Boy's
house. And we also pick up a
PPA. That's right. The name of ether in
the Japanese games is PP aid. And I was
laughing maniacally because come on,
like kids giving him PP aids. Come on,
guys. Come
on. Anyway, of course, Billy Boy's going
to go into teleporter. And if he had a
Pokémon that knew Blizzard, he would
obviously never want to separate from
it, but he clearly didn't. So, we save
him and he gives us a ticket. So, with
that, let's go ahead and make our way
into Mistiy's gym, where first up, we
have to fight the junior trainer with
her Goldine. It wasn't a terribly hard
battle, but we did take a decent amount
of damage. Still, I'm just going to heal
with a potion. Let's see if we can take
Misti
down. So, first attempt against Misti,
of course, I'm going to go for Blizzard
here because I think we need the freeze.
We get the freeze on the first Staryu.
So, now this is a free Pokémon. We can
just spam bite and easily knock this
Pokemon out. Now, Starbe is out next and
we're still going to stick with Blizzard
trying to freeze it. We still had four
blizzards, but we didn't manage to get a
freeze with any of them. And while we do
know bite, of course, gen one bite is
just a normal type move, so it's not
super effective. And we don't quite do
enough damage to get through that.
Still, I think this is possible. So,
let's try it again. Round two, we just
go for bite on the first Staryu and
knock it out in three hits. And then we
freeze the star me. So, now it doesn't
matter what we do. We can spam mega
punch, we can spam bite, it really
doesn't matter. we have a guaranteed
victory. So, the fact that there's a 30%
chance to freeze here is absolutely
broken and we are probably going to have
an easy time getting through the whole
game. So, now let's take on the innocent
bystander where the only thing
interesting here is the sprites. Like
that is not Machop. Like I it is Machop,
but it it really doesn't look like
Machop to me. Maybe it's the green
color, but I just don't see this Pokemon
as the same. Still, we're simply going
to knock this one out. I'm going to use
some water guns. Of course, it is doing
some really massive damage, though. So,
we'll use Blizzard to knock it out
quickly. And then we get this very
strange looking Drowsy. Now, what I will
say is that this Drowsy is actually
better than the red and blue one, cuz
the red and blue one looked like he had
some evil intentions in mind. Uh, this
one just looks kind of sleepy. So, yeah,
we knocked that one out pretty quickly,
and we're ready to move on in the game.
I'm going to teach my Pokemon both
bubble beam and dig at this point
because I do think these moves are
really useful. Of course, dig will be
good against Lieutenant Surge and Bubble
Beam is just better than having water
gun. And with that, we're ready to move
on down south and make our way to rival
number three. Now, we are on minimum
battles, so we will not be getting body
slam in this one. So, we're just going
to be going in with our move set as it
is. Still, I think Blizzard will be
enough. Now, we actually end up having
trouble against this last just before
Vermilion City. And the entire issue is
that she can lower accuracy. So, while
Blizzard is super effective, if she ever
manages to land a sand attack on us, we
actually can end up losing the fight
just from misses. This fight ended up
taking me six attempts to beat in spite
of the fact that I had a super effective
move just cuz I got so many misses in
that fight. However, with that done,
it's rival three time. And I think we're
going to completely crush him. But let's
find out. Now, of course, Rival 3 leads
off with his Pidgeotto, which is also
known as Pigeon in Japanese. And we get
a one-shot because we're so massively
overleled at this point. Radicate or
Ratta comes out next. And we simply
destroy it. Now, we can actually go for
dig on the Kadabra. Kadabra is called
Yun Geta in Japanese based on Yun
Geller, the famous supposed psychic.
Turns out he's not going to be psychic
enough though. So, I think we're going
to simply destroy him. So, we go for
dig. We just barely missed the onehit KO
as it survives with one HP. Still, we
can just bite to knock it out on the
next turn. Finally, we've got this
Ivysaur Fushigi Soul that looks like
it's being crushed by the bulb on its
back. Like, this Pokemon looks so
unbalanced compared to what it is. Like,
look in the top right and look at that
and tell me that those are the same.
Clearly not. Still, we're just going to
go for the blizzard and maybe get the
one hitter. It goes for leech seed on
us, but we get the freeze, guaranteeing
another win. So, just like that, we have
defeated rival three. Still no real
difficulties outside of that Pidgey
girl. And now we can get cut and make
our way over to Lieutenant Surge. I'm
going to try him once even though he
does have a type advantage on us because
who knows, maybe with Dig we can simply
get an easy victory. So, after digging
through the trash for a small eternity,
we do manage to get the doors to open.
And maybe it's time for the trash man to
simply prove that he can't beat a
Squirtle. So, first up, of course, he
has Beyb Dama or Voltob, and we're
simply going to go for Dig, also known
as Anna Ohu in Japanese. So, next out is
Pikachu. And of course, it's a really
cute looking sprite. I actually like
this sprite maybe even a little better
than the Pokémon Red and Blue sprite. I
am a big fan of Fat Pikachu. Anyway, we
get paralyzed by a thunderwave and I
could have gone for the glitch where I
stay invincible, but I used dig again
because I don't want to just win
cheaply. And we knock that Pokemon out.
Finally, we've got Raichu and we're
really hoping that he uses thundershock.
He has smart AI, so he's only going to
use his electric type moves. So, the
only possible chance that we have to
survive here is to not get hit by
Thunderbolt. Either he uses Thundershock
or we need a Gen One miss. So, I think
this is a spot to go for Blizzard
because he could go for the X speed. It
It doesn't work out. We get destroyed.
And we try again and once again get
destroyed. And I tested this even more
off camera and he still beat me even
when he just used Thundershock. So, I
think hoping just for an item is too
much. I'm going to move on in the game
and go through the rock tunnel. Now,
really Erica and Lieutenant Surge are
basically going to be the two hard
challengers in this run, I think, until
we get to the Elite 4. So, for now,
we'll take on the rapping last where
Blizzard, given our huge level
advantage, is just a bunch of one-hit
KOs. Now, moving on into the Rock
Tunnel, we get our first look at
Harakara or Cubone. And this sprite is
really sad. like he looks really really
lonely like the story and it made me
feel kind of bad knocking him out. After
that, of course, we got Yadon or
Slowpoke and this Pokemon turned out to
be tough. I was actually having a lot of
trouble knocking this one out and
getting defeated over and over again.
Basically, I ended up just saying, I
guess I need a freeze to get it.
However, in the final run, it disabled
Blizzard, but it decided not to use
Confusion and Headbutt against us. So,
we actually managed to win with a bunch
of digs. So, this run is getting a
little more random, but we have made it
to the infamous Rock Tunnel Hiker. He
still self-destructs in this version,
but we know Bubble Beam. So, our type
advantage, four times super effective
Bubble Beam, is simply going to destroy
all of his Pokémon. Now, I do like this
Graler sprite, except for the fact that
it looks like it only has two arms. The
other two arms are clearly not visible,
but after knocking it out, we simply
make our way out of the rock tunnel and
we find Meowth in the last trainer. And
this one is super cute because it looks
like a mani neo. If you don't know what
that is, in Japanese shops, they put
these little cats to like try to entice
you to spend money. And uh yeah, uh
that's clearly what Meowth was meant to
be. And then we go out and we find
Santrew.
this sprite. I mean, it looks like
Sandrew, but it that's not Sandrew. Come
on. Then we get the Vulpix, which is
really cute, too, but it looks too much
just like a Sheba Enu dog or something.
Not quite what I'm used to with these
Pokémon. So, you guys should really tell
me down below. Do you think that these
sprites were better in these original
Pokémon Red and Green games, or do you
prefer the sprites we actually ended up
getting in the West? So, with that, we
can make our way now into the Rocket
Hideout. I did grab ice beam just in
case I needed it, but I honestly don't
think I do. And I've gotten some PP ups
just to throw into Blizzard. We can get
up to 8 PP in that move, and I think
that's our best strategy for moving
forward because we really just don't
want to run out of PP in a seriously
important fight. For now though, these
rockets are all basically just a joke,
so we can easily destroy them. Now, we
get our first look at Sands Slash. And
this is another Pokémon that honestly, I
don't like this sprite. I think the
Pokemon Yellow Sprite is much much
better than this. Its eyes are just kind
of a little bit too big and it doesn't
really look that menacing. Arbok, on the
other hand, actually looks tough. Like
this is a really good version of the
Arbok sprite. I kind of wish we had
gotten it in the West. But with those
two rockets guarding the doors done, we
can move on now to Giovani himself. And
this was the point in the original run
where I realized that the ether was
called PP aid. So I was laughing
maniacally. And yeah, like uh PP aid and
PP
AA. Like I think we can all agree that
the Japanese naming scheme for items is
just
legendary. So with that, let's go ahead
and fight against Giovani or Seekaki as
he's named in Japanese. He leads off of
course with Onyx. We can simply go
Bubble Beam. There's no need to use
Blizzard here. It's a onehit K.O.
Reyhorn basically looks like Western
Reyhorn to me. Like not really all that
much different. And we're simply going
to get another easy victory with a
bubble beam. Finally, we get the
Kangaskhan. This one looks like the
baby's really trying to fight us. Like
mama's chilling and the baby's ready to
go. So, we're simply going to use
Blizzard. It only does about a third.
So, it's a three hit KO to knock that
one out. But, we do win on the first
attempt. Now, with that done, we're
going to make our way over the Pokemon
Tower in Rival 4 because I think Erica's
actually going to be pretty tough in
this. Let's see if we can beat our
rival. So, of course, he leads off with
Pidgeotto and he sand attacks us turn
one, which is terrible because that
means Blizzard now basically doesn't hit
anymore and we run out of PP. So, we're
just losing the first attempt. However,
if we can get better luck, we should be
able to get through this. For example,
if he goes Gust, we just get a onehitter
with Blizzard. Out next is Gyarados,
which is just as tough in this version
with dragon rage and hydrop pump. So, I
think we need to go for blizzard and try
to freeze it. Still a dragon rage takes
us to low HP. Once this one is frozen
though, we can really do anything that
we want. We have learned withdraw over
bite at this point because it's a badge
boosting move, but we knock it out with
a bunch of bubble beams. How next is the
growli. We knock it out with a single
bubble beam. We now have to deal with
this Kadabra where of course we can
simply dig on this Pokemon to knock it
out. And finally, we've got the Ivysaur,
but it's still underleveled relative to
us. We just needed to hit the Blizzard,
but we missed and it knocked us out with
a vine whip. Still, this fight is
clearly winnable. We might just need to
affect where we actually use our
withdraws. So, after freezing the
Gyarados, I'm going to set up my
withdraws here. And then we can destroy
that Kadabra. We level up right on the
Ivysaur though. So badge boosts are
gone. Now we just need to land Blizzard.
We survive against a vine whip. Then it
goes leech seed and we just barely miss
knocking that one out. So we lose
another attempt. So this rival is
turning out to actually be really hard
in spite of the fact that we are at a
higher level than all of his Pokémon. We
just keep getting hit by Dragon Rage and
we have to get luck in order to knock
out the final Ivysaur. We finally get it
with a critical hit. But man, that took
tons of attempts to get through that. We
are adding resets at this point in spite
of the fact that Blizzard is a really OP
move. And the real thing that's starting
to happen is we're just starting to see
that we don't have enough speed. The
lack of speed with Squirtle is causing
it to not be able to outspeed its
opponents and knock them out, especially
that Ivysaur. And that makes me worried
about the Victory Bell and Venusaurs
that are coming up as well. Now we get
to Gastly. Gastly looks just a little
less whole in this I guess, but still we
can easily defeat it. Now, this is
actually a really good haunter sprite.
Though, I do think the Pokemon Red and
Blue Hunter sprite was also pretty
awesome. But, we're not going to deal
with this Pokemon. We simply run away.
And we're just using Dig on all of the
ghosts. So, with that, we can easily
make our way to the top of the tower.
And of course, we got ghosty Mama. She
doesn't look nearly as menacing here.
Like in Pokemon Red and Blue, she's like
lunging at you, ready to like hit you
over the head with her bone. Here, she's
just kind of like holding it up like a
baton.
So, we're just going to use Bubble Beam
here. And it's an easy two-hit KO to
knock out this Pokemon. And with that,
we can fight the rockets at the top. And
it's time to save Mr. Fuji. And of
course, he gives us a little flute for
our troubles because uh you know, that's
what old guys in Japan do. They just
give you things you don't need. And with
that, we have to decide where to go. We
could try Erica, but we could also try
going down to Koga one time. There are a
few rando trainers in his gym. But first
up, we do need a bicycle. And we also
want to use fly outside of battle. So
I'm actually going to go and fight
against Lieutenant Serge. Let's try him
round two. So here we're now a little
bit faster and we one shot there against
the Voltob. And we are just faster than
the Pikachu. So we can actually knock
this one out without getting paralyzed
or damaged. That brings us to Raichu
where we're still probably hoping for a
freeze, but we managed to survive
Thundershock and we just barely missed
knocking it out on the first attempt.
That makes me think we can do it if we
just get a freeze, which we get in the
next attempt. And now this is a
guaranteed victory. So, turns out that
we just needed to be level 35 in order
to beat Lieutenant Serge. Now we can get
our bicycle and make our way down to
Koga. Now, one thing to note here is
that there is typically a rare candy
hidden on the cycling road, at least in
the western versions. However, when I
was searching the same spot, I couldn't
find that item. So maybe it's been moved
in this version of the game. I'm not
sure. But we're down one rare candy
compared to my normal minimum battles
runs. But with that, we will make our
way to the Safari Zone where of course
we want to get access to Surf. That's a
super important move. And we can see
some more Pokémon sprites. That's
actually a much better execute sprite
than in Pokemon Red and Blue. Uh Dodu is
called Dodo in Japanese, which I thought
was hilarious. And Paris is is a little
bit weird looking. I mean, it's still
Paris, but it it just looks kind of
weird. However, we are able to get to
the end and get access to Hidden Machine
3 in order to learn surf. We're going to
learn that right away on our Squirtle.
With that, we can make our way out of
here. However, I tried the rando
trainers inside of Koga's gym several
times, and they were actually really
hard. I couldn't actually beat the first
gym trainer. So, let's go try Erica one
time.
[Music]
So against Erica, we are slower than the
victory bell. So we are going to need it
to miss a sleep powder and to freeze
this Pokémon. Of course, we get put to
sleep on the first attempt. And that's
basically game over as a single razor
leaf, which is basically guaranteed
critical hit, knocks us out in one go. A
few attempts later, we actually do get
the mist that we needed though and
freeze the victory bell. So now we can
basically do anything. I decide to use a
bunch of withdrawals in order to get
badge boosts in my attack stat. And now
we can even go dig since it's neutally
effective in order to knock this Pokemon
out. I just want to keep my blizzards
for later on. Out next we've got Tangla.
And that is the worst Tangla sprite I've
ever seen. But
uh uh still we're just going to go for
Blizzard. And we almost get the one
hitter. It turns out to be a two-h
hitter, but really we can just do
anything there. I use surf to knock it
out. And we are faster than the final
vile plume. If we just freeze it, we've
got a guaranteed win, but we miss and
then it puts us to sleep. And pedal
dance is too much. Now, that was an
incredibly lucky run. Like, you do not
get that level of luck very often. I
tried it several more times, but it just
did not work. We couldn't even get past
victory belt. So, instead, let's go to
Silco and see if we can manage to beat
the rival. I'm honestly not sure, but at
least his first Pokémon, Pidgeot, is
weak against Blizzard, so maybe we have
a shot here. Now, we do have four rare
candies in the bag that we haven't used.
That might be our next step if we can't
win this fight. Now, we do manage to get
through Pidgeot just fine with Blizzard,
but now we have to freeze this Gyarados.
Otherwise, it does way too much damage
and we simply lose. The next attempt, we
do manage to freeze it, though. And now
it's just a question of where to use our
badge boosts. Here, I'm just going to
knock this Pokemon out with Surf. And
then same on the Ralith. We actually
don't one-shot with Surf, though. So,
we're on low health going to the
Alakazam or Houdin as it's called in
Japanese. And a single sbeam knocks us
out. So, it's pretty clear that we would
need to set up there on that Growlithe
if we're going to have any shot of
winning this fight. But, it's clearly
not easy. So, let's go back to the gym
and just see if we can manage to beat
these rando trainers in Fuchsia or not.
So, it took me seven attempts to finally
beat the first juggler. And of course, I
was trying to freeze his Pokemon. And it
turns out that the next juggler also
isn't easy. While he is just using a
Drowsy and a Hypno, and by the way, that
Hypnos spray is like the worst thing
that I've ever seen in my
life. But, uh, if you don't get a freeze
here, you lose this fight because they
just do way too much damage. Still a few
attempts later, we manage to freeze both
Drowsy and Hypno. And with that, we now
have a guaranteed win. He can swap
Pokemon as much as he wants. It doesn't
matter. We knock him out. And it's time
to take on
[Music]
Koga. Now, of course, Koga leads off
with his coughing. And really, dig is
our best move, but it does less than
half here. So, it's pretty clear we need
to set up some badge boost. Still, I
knock it out on the first attempt. We
move on to the muk and we simply get
destroyed. However, if we can manage to
get a freeze and then set up our badge
boost as we do on the next attempt,
well, withdraw is already making us
stronger against his physical moves and
the badge boost glitch is boosting our
dig. So, now when we get back to muk, we
use dig, of course, and we do over half.
So, while it does use minimize, we knock
it out into digs. And we've made it to
the next coughing, which dig is not a
onehit K.O., it's actually a two-h
hitter, but we get our first shot at the
wheezing or mata dogas. Mata means just
again. So, there are two of these uh
coughings now. And of course, we lose
the first attempt, but the next attempt,
we're right back to the wheezing, and
then it self-destructs while we're
underground, giving us the free victory.
So, it turns out that same as in Pokemon
Red and Blue, Dig is the solution for
Koga, it makes his final Pokemon super
easy. But with that, we are now a little
bit faster thanks to the badge boost
that we just got. And now we have a
question of which gym to go to. I'm
actually going to go down to Cineabar
Island to fight Blaine. Now, down there,
we see a Ponytail for the first time as
well as Magmar, but I realized that
Magmar's name is Ba in Japanese or
Booer. And uh yeah, he he definitely
looks like a boober to me. Still, after
getting the secret key, we can make our
way into the gym. And I was really
interested to check if the quiz is the
same or not. As long as it is, I can get
through nice and easy. And it turns out
all the answers are the same. But I
wanted to check the final question
because TM28 is
shinuen in Japanese or death attack. And
uh yeah, I think that's a proper name
for tombstone. Obviously, if we knew
Shinu Shinu Coulson, we would easily win
this battle. But let's see if we can
actually manage to beat Blaine at our
current
level. So, he leads off with the
Growlithe. Of course, we're simply going
to use Surf. It does a little over half,
but it's a two-hit KO. On the Ponyita,
it's more the same. Even after he super
potions though, we do get a two-h hitter
there, meaning we have made it to the
rapid dash or gallop as it's called in
Japanese. And we're just going to stick
with the surf here. I think this is the
best strategy. We're just hoping not to
get stomped and flinched here.
Fortunately, it goes for like growl. So,
we get to the Arcanine on full health.
Arcanine is called Windy in Japanese.
So, it makes me think that maybe this
Pokemon is a flying type. Anyway, we're
still going to simply use Surf. We do
decent damage here. So, it's just a
matter of not wanting to get hit by
takedown too many times. If he goes
roar, we will win. We almost get him
down. So, I think this is a winnable
fight. We're just going to have to try
it a few more times. Once again, we
managed to get to the Arcanine, but a
single critical hit takedown just knocks
us out. Obviously, even with badge boost
from withdraw, we we couldn't do
anything there. However, this time, we
managed to get there on a little bit
better health with some of our withdraws
used. And now, we just have to see if we
can deal enough damage. Now, I checked
to see what kind of damage Dig would do,
but surf is the stronger move still
here, and we actually managed to knock
him out. So, with that, we have beaten
Blaine, gained a couple levels, but also
we have gotten access to a badge boost
in special, which of course benefits
both Surf and Blizzard. So, maybe now
Erica is actually possible. So, now we
are just faster than the victory bell by
one point in speed. So, we can go for
Blizzard. And it's not a onehit KO, but
we do get the freeze, allowing us to
much more easily beat this Pokemon. I'm
still going to use some of my
withdrawals in order to get badge boost
here. And then we knock that Pokemon
out. Unfortunately, we leveled up right
here on the Tangala, but we knock it out
easily with Blizzard. And with that, we
have made it to the Vile Plume. We go
Blizzard. We don't get the one hitter,
but we do get the freeze, guaranteeing
another easy victory. So, we come back
to Erica with a special badge boost and
just enough speed for that victory bell
and she's actually a pretty easy fight.
Now, however, we've only got Sabrina and
Giovani left and of course, rival number
five. So, let's get back there and see
if we can manage to beat him. So, now
against rival 5, we're obviously still
slower than his team, but we managed to
freeze the very first Pidgeot. And now
we can start setting up a couple of
badge boosts right here and then knock
this Pokemon out. Now, of course, on the
Gyarados, we need to freeze this Pokemon
still because we don't have that much
HP. We still don't want to get hit by
Dragon Rage. Fortunately, we freeze it
and we're going to get an easy victory
on that Pokemon. We level up right
before the Growlithe, however, meaning
all of our badge boosts are gone, so we
are going to be
outsp. We are still faster than the
Growli, however, so we can simply go
surf and this should be an easy KO. Now,
I go for Blizzard on the Alakazam to
freeze it, and then we can simply dig it
down. Finally, we've got Venusaur, and
it is faster than us by 20 points. So,
we clearly need a lot of badge boost
here. We were hoping that it might use
Leech Seed, but it just simply knocked
us out. Still, I think this is possible.
I think we just have to manipulate our
badge boosts in order to get through.
So, we basically just get through the
first two Pokémon without setting up any
of our withdraws. Unfortunately, we're
on very low health cuz we couldn't get
the freeze until the very end on that
Gyarados. So once we get to Alakazam, we
simply get destroyed. However, a couple
attempts later, we do manage to freeze
Alakazam again on low health. But we can
set up our badge boost here. And now we
will outspeed everything. We have 106
speed. Once we get to the Venusaur,
we're hoping to either onehit KO it or
get the freeze. We use Blizzard. It is
not a one-hitter, but he goes for leap
seed. And with that, we can simply dig
and he can't stop us from knocking him
out. So we had a really close fight
there. definitely is not consistent by
any means, but it is possible to win
that fight with just a Squirtle using
Blizzard. And this is actually like the
first part of the game where Blizzard is
like legitimately available. So, you
could actually use this strategy in
order to get through that fight. But
with that done, it is time to move on to
Giovani number two. Now, in the next
battle, we level up and we could learn
hydrop pump, but I'm going to skip that
move since we've already got Surf. And
that brings us to Giovani. Now, of
course, dig is going to be a super
effective move here. We could also set
up some withdrawals. I'm not sure if we
need them or not. So, I will go for
Blizzard here on this Kangaskhan. We
don't get a freeze against Reyhorn.
There's nothing to do other than surf.
Then, we make it to Needle Queen. And
this is the worst sprite in generation
one in my personal opinion. That does
not look scary. However, we don't manage
to knock it out with a blizzard and
quickly get knocked out by a
counterattack. So, we're going to have
to uh hope for a little bit better luck
or better HP when we get to that final
Pokemon. I started going for the freeze
here, just hoping that I could set up
some badge boosts. But in the end, we
just knocked out all of these Pokémon as
we make it back to the Neato Queen. But
of course, if he just uses Tail Whip, we
win. Just like that, we did manage to
beat Giovani. Yet again though, that was
a really close run battle and not
something we're used to in that Giovani
2 fight. But with that, we have no
choice. We're on minimum battles, so we
have to go and fight Sabrina. And I
think we're going to need some crazy
freeze luck in order to get through this
one because our special just isn't that
good. So, Sabrina leads off, of course,
with Kadabra, and we're going to try to
use Blizzard to freeze this Pokemon. We
actually do get the freeze, but we took
massive damage. And we're still 3,800 XP
away from a level up. So, I debated
whether or not I should use my badge
boost here, but I'm just going to use
them so that we outspeed the rest of the
way and hope that we don't level up
before Alakazam. Now, we can go for dig
and just one-shot that Pokémon. Out next
is, of course, the Mr. Mime. It goes for
barrier. So, I switch into Surf in order
to knock it out. Now we get to Morphon
or Venomoth, which I think just kind of
looks silly here, but hey, this is a
flying type Pokemon, so we know that it
is weak against Blizzard. I'm just going
to use this move. Turns out to be a
threehitterter, but then we dig and
knock it out. So, uh, perfectly fine.
Now, we've made it to the final Alcazam.
We're just hoping to get recover
reflect. Basically, even Sighwave is
probably not that bad. We just don't
want Sbeam here, and we should be able
to win. We just barely miss the range to
knock it out. And it goes for a reflect
and a recover. And then sighwave knocks
us out. So we have to try this whole
thing again. But the strategy is
basically the same. The next time we do
manage to freeze the Alakazam though,
and that gives us the guaranteed
victory. So we are at level 44 now as
we're ready to move on to Giovani. We
still have all the rare candies in the
bag, but we are down one relative to my
normal route. Still, there's nothing
super challenging in this gym before the
gym leader. So, let's just see if we can
take Giovani
[Music]
down. Now, against Giovani, I think the
first thing to do is honestly just set
up our badge boosts because we want more
defense here. All of his moves are
basically physical in this version of
the game. In Pokemon Yellow, he does use
Thunder with the two Neato, but here
he's just going to use moves like Stomp
and Fury Attack. So, after setting up
all six of our withdrawals, we just
one-shot the Reyhorn. Now, against Doug
Trio, I think that's a really silly
looking sprite, but it's nice. And we
one-shot it. We get another just
terrible looking Neidato Queen. Still,
we can just go for the surf. It's a
two-hit KO to knock this one out, but
with our high defense, we survive nice
and easy. Next is Neido King. I also
think this Neato King sprite is kind of
terrible, but we one-shot it. And then
Rhydon, by far and away the worst Gen
One sprite in the Pokemon Red and Green
games, in my personal opinion. Like,
what is
that? Of course, Surf just one-shots
that Pokemon, and we easily win the
battle. But, uh, yeah, the sprites seem
to be getting worse as we go on in the
game. And uh I'm I'm I'm kind of
interested to see if we have any crazy
ones when we get to the league. Still,
first we have to fight our rival number
six. So, let's get into this fight. Now,
of course, he leads off with the Giga
Chad Vigot. And I think the only thing
to do here, of course, is to set up some
Blizzards. Now, we're 4,000 XP away from
a level up, but I think we will get
there before the Venusaur. So, I'm just
going to go for the Blizzard to try to
knock this Pokemon out. takes a few
hits, but we do take it down. Out next
we've got the Reyhorn, which is
obviously an easy oneh hitter with Surf.
Next is Gyarados, though, and here we
have to get that freeze because it's
still using Dragon Rage and we don't
have enough HP. We simply go down. Now,
the next attempt, we do get back to
Gyarados and freeze it this time. And
I'm just going to use Surf in order to
finish knocking it out. We level up
right here before the Growlithe. And of
course, we could try to freeze
Growlithe. There's nothing stopping us.
We could also try to set up our badge
boost here. In this one, I tried to set
up because of the fact that it can only
use lear and takedown. Unfortunately,
takedown managed to knock me out. The
next attempt, we are back to that
Pokemon and we set up a couple of our
withdrawals and we get much better luck
getting to the Alakazam on green health.
So, here we can simply dig. We are
already faster than this Pokemon, so we
easily take it down. And Venusaur
obviously is going to be slower than the
Alakazam. Blizzard still is not a
one-hitter, but we get the freeze,
allowing us to get another easy victory.
Still seven attempts to get to that
point, but we were able to beat Rival 6
with our Squirtle. Now, it's worth
noting I did a minimum battles run with
Squirtle back in the day, but in that
one, I ended up using a double badge
boost glitch strat between double team
and withdraw in order to actually beat
the game at the end because it turned
out that Squirtle was just a little too
weak. Even with Blizzard and Hydrop
Pump, it wasn't doing enough damage.
Granted, that was well over a couple
years ago now. So, if I went back and
did that run today, I might actually be
fine. Might be something to test out
again in Pokémon Red and Blue. For now,
though, let's get to the league.
Starting with Kana or Lauraai and see if
we can beat her and her water and ice
type Pokémon. She is the only trainer
that we can't freeze all of her Pokémon
in this version of the game, so this
could actually be tough.
So, she leads off with Dong, of course,
which is a very nice looking sprite here
in Pokemon Green. I'm going to deal a
little bit of damage. Just hoping that
it rests so that I can set up all of my
badge boosts. We set up all of the
withdrawals still on good HP, but we're
doing barely anything here. And we don't
really have a better move than just
using Surf since Dig will just take
multiple turns and let it go to sleep.
We managed to get the closter though or
putter shane as it's called in Japanese.
We're simply not doing enough damage
with surf. Like this is a easily six or
seven hit KO here. Dig doesn't do that
much either. So I think it's time to use
some rare candies. So I'm going to try
one time at level 50 to see if we can
manage to get through. We get back to
the cloister of course. And the only
good move to use here because our attack
stat has been lowered so much is of
course surf. We are doing much better
damage here though. So, we do knock it
out. We make it to the Slowb Bro, which
honestly, this is much better than the
Pokemon Red and Blue Sprite. And we
manage to knock it out with some
Blizzards. That's the only Pokemon we
really want to use Blizzard on. Now, I
was going for Dig against this Jinx, but
our attack stat is so low. We're much
better off just using Surf to knock it
out. And we make our first attempt at
Lapras. Now, against Lapras, again, I
think the only thing to do given our low
attack stat is to use Surf, but we
simply get knocked out by a body slam.
So, I'm going to level up a little bit
more here. We get to level 53 this time.
The whole issue in that last fight was
that we leveled up right on Lapras, but
at level 53, we don't level up here,
meaning we've kept all of our badge
boosts. Now, we can go for surf. And
it's still looking like a six hit KO
when she gets a critical hit body slam.
Even with all the defense buffs, there's
nothing we can do because in Gen One,
critical hits ignore defense buffs. So,
we actually end up going all the way up
to level 56 here. three more levels.
That leaves only one rare candy in the
bag. But now we're doing decent damage
here against this Lapras. We did about a
quarter then it critical hit us. But if
we can just manage to land four hits
here, I think we can manage to get the
victory. The next attempt, attempt
number 14, we finally get the luck to
get through. So we had to get a bunch of
levels with our rare candies, but we
were in the end able to beat Lauraai.
She's maybe the toughest opponent,
though. Certainly, the next opponent,
Bruno, is nothing to worry about. So,
let's just take him
down. So, of course, he leads off with
the Onyx. I'm just going to use this
opportunity to set up all the badge
boosts to make sure I outspeed. We
one-shot that Pokemon. The terrible
sprite of Hitmon Chan comes out next.
And uh yeah, we're just going to go
ahead and use Surf here. And that's an
easy onehit KO. The Hitmonly sprite much
much better. I I like this one. Not
quite as good as the red and blue one,
but still a good sprite overall. Still,
it just goes down to a single surf. The
Onyx is another one hit KO. And now
we've got the Machamp, which that has
got to be the worst. That and Rhydon
must be the worst sprites in this
generation outside of Mew. So, we're
just going to go for the surf.
Obviously, this Pokemon can do nothing.
And we knock it out in two hits. So,
Bruno turns out that even in Japan, he
was completely trash.
But that now brings us to Agatha, who
could be scary. So, let's see if we can
beat
her. So, of course, she leads off with
the worst looking Gengar sprite in
history, but we're going to go ahead and
try to set up Dig here. We're pretty
close to a level up, so we want to maybe
level up and then set up our badge
boost. Sure enough, we knock it out. We
get to level 58 as the Golbat comes out.
We're going to go for Blizzard here,
either to knock this Pokemon out or to
get the freeze, we knock it out in two
hits. That brings us now to the Haunter.
And because we just leveled up, we're
very far from a level up now. So, if we
get the freeze, we'll set up the badge
boost on this Pokémon. Of course, we're
not doing that much damage and we knock
ourselves out. The next attempt, we
managed to knock out the Golbat because
she swapped, however, and freeze the
first Gengar. And that allows us to set
up all the badge boosts on this Pokémon.
Now we can simply go for Blizzard in
order to freeze the Haunter when she
swaps. And with all of the badge boost
set up, now we just simply go for Dig to
knock that Pokemon out. We're faster
than the Gengar and knock that out.
Arbok can do nothing, but she actually
even switches to the final Gengar,
allowing us to get the easy KO there.
And Arbok can do nothing. We simply
knock it out with the dig. So, we end up
beating Agatha in only two attempts in
spite of the fact that we're only using
a little Squirtle. But now we have to
take on Lance. Clearly, this should be
an easy fight because we've got
Blizzard, which is super effective here.
So, we're going to use the PP max in
order to get all of our PP back. And
let's just see if we can manage to
win. So, first up, of course, is
Gyarados. We actually can survive the
hyperbeam, but with a critical hit, it's
just going to be a onehit KO. So, we're
really hoping for Lear here from this
Pokémon because we are always going to
be slower. We need to get a freeze on
this Pokemon, I think, in order to win.
So, we do manage to get it frozen on the
seventh attempt. And now we can set up
all of the badge boosts and then just
knock it out with a bunch of surfs. We
want to keep these blizzards for the
dragons. Now, on the first dragon air,
we leveled up. So, uh, we are no longer
faster and we are not getting any badge
boost. So, it takes two hits to knock
that Pokemon out. We go dig and then
Blizzard to knock out the second Dragon
Air. Now, I think we have to go surf on
the Aerodactyl since we have so few
Blizzards, but we get knocked out, of
course, by a critical hit. Now that we
know that we're going to level up after
the Gyarados, though, I'm just going to
freeze it and knock it out. And now I'm
going to try to freeze the first Dragon
Air. I get the freeze. Now we can set up
our badge boost on this Pokemon and
knock it out in two. We just missed the
range to knock out the second Dragon Air
though and we go down. So this is
turning out to be an insanely difficult
fight in spite of the fact that we have
super effective moves. It all depends on
getting a freeze on the dragon air in
order to actually get this one to go.
And we've only got the one rare candy
left in the bag. I think we need that
one before the final champion. So, I
think there's nothing to do but simply
grind this battle out. Now, this time,
attempt number 18, we do manage to
freeze that dragon air and set up our
badge boost. Now, a single blizzard is
enough to knock out the next Dragon Air
and we get a critical hit from the
Aerodactyl, knocking us out. Still, we
manage to get back to Aerodactyl a few
attempts later, and we knock it out with
a single surf. And then we see Dragonite
for the first time. This is actually the
best looking Dragonite sprite in Gen 1
in my opinion. It actually looks pretty
tough and like an actual dragon.
Something that wasn't the case in
Pokemon Red and Blue or Pokemon Yellow
in my opinion. So, uh, now I can see why
they thought it was a dragon type.
Anyway, we're going to simply go for
Blizzard here. We misclick, but then he
just uses barrier, giving us the chance
to actually correct our mistake. And one
Blizzard does the job. So, Lansancy boy
goes down after 20 attempts there.
Clearly, that was not a very good fight,
but we have made it to the champion.
Now, it's worth noting that my resets
and timer got got messed up midway
through the run. So, those numbers are
not actually correct. We probably have
at least a good 50 more resets than
this, plus quite a few more TMs. So,
this is definitely not that good of a
[Music]
run. Still, we've made it to the
champion. So, let's see if we can beat
him. First up on the Pidgeot, we freeze
it with a blizzard, allowing us to now
set up a bunch of badge boosts, and
we're simply going to knock that Pokemon
out. Next, of course, we've got the
Alakazam. We go for dig. It turns out to
be a two-hit KO there. And here on the
Rideon, we just get a onehitter with the
Surf. As we go into the Gyarados, we
still freeze it, knock it out. Arcanine.
Of course, we can just go for surf and
get a one-h hitter, but we level up
right here before the Venusaur, meaning
that we have no badge boosts on this
Pokemon. And at this point, we just have
to hope that we can manage to win. But
we get the freeze after surviving a hit,
meaning we get the victory on the first
attempt against the champion. So, just
like that, a single Squirtle was able to
beat the entire game of Pokemon Green
using Blizzard. And uh yeah, it was it
was kind of
overpowered honestly. Like yes, we had a
lot of random spots where we lost, but
most of the time I was just trying to
find a way to get the freeze on the
opponent. And when we did, it was
actually a pretty easy victory to get
through. So, I don't know. That was a
lot of fun. Honestly, you guys should
tell me, should we do more runs in this
Japanese version of the game? There are
obviously tons of other things like
glitches that were taken out of the
western versions to still explore here.
So, could be an interesting challenge.
Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this.
Let me give a massive thank you to all
of the channel members and a thank you
to you guys for being good sports as we
did a April Fools with this video. Now,
of course, in English, you all should be
able to understand it and uh hopefully
you guys had as much fun with this as I
did. Anyway, I appreciate all you for
watching. I will see you in the next one
later.
[Music]